Compose EOL banner (#16505)
docker/docs: _includes/compose-eol.md

> **Important**
>

> > From April 2023 Compose V1 won't be supported anymore and will be removed from all Docker Desktop versions.

Reviewer: @hyu don't we change the eol date to end of june?

Author: Silly me, this is my bad. Yes. EOL date has changed to June, I forgot to update

> > From April 2023 Compose V1 won't be supported anymore and will be removed from all Docker Desktop versions.

Author: ```suggestion
> From the end of June 2023 Compose V1 won't be supported anymore and will be removed from all Docker Desktop versions.
```
